Steps

Add Tag: "Wholesale" to selected wholesale customer accounts

Create a new collection called "Wholesale" then write your description. At the end of the description I like to add a little notice saying "You must have a wholesale account with our store to view wholesale pricing."  OR For a more dynamic solution, scroll down to the code for collection.liquid

For every product - Create a duplicate product with wholesale price. I used the same title and then added "(Wholesale)" to the end of the product title.

Optional Page (recommended)
	Create a page called "Wholesale Accounts" or "Wholesale" or whatever. Have a little blurb about your requirements for wholesale access. And I like to include either contact info for them to reach you, or a form with whatever information you need (Tax ID's, Location, Annual Sales, etc.) to be sure you're offering wholesale pricing to the right people. 

Now for the code!

In your theme.liquid, paste the following code before the closing </body> tag:

  <script>
      $(function() {
        $wholesalehide = $(".product > div:contains('Wholesale')").closest(".product").detach(); // Create jQuery object and remove wholesale items for all users
        $(".browse-tags").css("display", "none"); // Optional
        
        {% if customer.tags contains 'Wholesale' %}
            $("#collection > .products").append($wholesalehide); // Append wholesale items into the "products" row for logged in wholesale customers.
          var url = window.location.href;
             if (url.search("collections/all") >= 0) { // Will only execute the following code if the user is on the main collection page
               $('.title:contains("Chainmail Dishcloth for Your Finest Pots and Pans (Wholesale)")').closest(".product").addClass("clearit");
           }; // The above code adds a clearing class to the parent product div that matches the text string in "contains"
        {% endif %} 
        
       var url = window.location.href;

       if (url.search("products/") >= 0) {
         $('h1.title:contains("(Wholesale)")').closest("#content").addClass("wholesale-hd"); // Hide wholesale items for all users who type in direct url to products. Enter product URL's in above line
       } 
       {% if customer.tags contains 'Wholesale' %}
           $("#product").removeClass("wholesale-hd"); // Show wholesale products for logged in wholesale customers.
       {% endif %}  
      });
  </script>

In your styles.css.liquid, add the following:

.wholesale-hd { display: none; }
.clearit { clear: both; }

(Optional) In your collection.liquid find the "Begin collection description" comment. I replaced that whole section with this:

      <!-- Begin collection description -->
      {% if collection.description != "" %}
        {% if collection.handle == "wholesale" %}
          {% if customer.tags contains "Wholesale" %}
            {{ collection.description }}            
          {% else %}
            {{ collection.description }}
      		<p>You must be logged in to view wholesale pricing.</p>
          {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if collection.handle != "wholesale" %}
          {{ collection.description }}
        {% endif %}
      {% endif %}
      <!-- End collection description -->

This code basically adds the blurb "You must be logged in to view wholesale pricing." in a more dynamic way, so wholesale account holders don't have to see it every time they are viewing the collection.

Wholesale Collection Description
	<span style="display:none;"></span>
